Now following on from
customization of colours
iTerm also has a lot of themes available.
If we just go to the Preferences
and go to the Profiles
in Colours and you can select Colour Presets.
Now there's not lot there in the first place.
You can change them and get an idea what they look like
so Solarized Dark.
Solarized Light.
There's not many there but
also there is this Visit Online Gallery.
So we go to this.
So here's the iTerm gallery
that is in the iTerm application.
I've gone ahead and download the zip
which has all of the themes.
You can scroll through
and get an idea of the types of colours that are available.
So maybe Adventure Time is your thing.
And you like Adventure Time
and you wanna use these colours.
There are a lot of other themes
but let's just go with that for the moment.
So let's go back to iTerm.
From the dropdown we're gonna do Import
and we're gonna go off to where I downloaded themes.
And inside of
I think it was themes? Schemes?
Yup. Schemes.
You'll find Adventure Time there it is.
Open
and that should be it.
Oh no. Import.
That's Time, there we go.
Cool.
So that is now my default colour.
Pretty crazy.
That's it it's mercy just purple.
But that's pretty cool.
So if you wanna give a bit of colour
and check out Preferences
Profiles not Appearances
and then Colours
and then just go ahead and browse
the iTerm colour selection.
There are literally a hundreds.